---
title: Panellists
permalink: /permalink
description: ""
---
<p size="1" style="text-align:justify">
Christophe Blassiau is currently driving cybersecurity for Schneider Electric. In the context of IT/OT/ IOT convergence and digital transformation at speed, he addresses Schneider Electric’s cybersecurity posture for a worldwide ecosystem of customers, partners and employees. He started his career in cryptography for the French Army, and he has since been leading worldwide digital transformation programmes for over 20 years, among which the salesforce.com implementation at Schneider with 50,000 users and deploying customer digital platforms. He was also the founder and manager for 11 years of a web &amp; digital marketing agency.  

For over 20 years, Dale Peterson has been on the leading/bleeding edge helping security- conscious asset owners effectively and efficiently manage risk to their critical assets. He has pioneered numerous Industrial Control Systems (ICS) security tools and techniques, such as the first intrusion detection signatures for ICS that are now in every commercial product. In 2007, he created S4 Events to showcase the best offensive and defensive work in ICS security and build a community. S4 is now the largest and most advanced ICS event in the world.

Eric Byres (P.Eng, ISA Fellow) is widely recognised as one of the world’s foremost experts in the field of Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) and Industrial Control Systems (ICS) security. As the inventor of the industry-leading Tofino Industrial Security Solution, Eric and his partner Joann guided the product through its evolution from academic research project and early-stage start-up to the successful acquisition by Belden Inc. (NYSE: BDC) in 2011. Today the Tofino product is the most widely deployed ICS-specific firewall in the world. Eric is also known for his leadership in research, international standards and best practices for data security in industrial environments. As the founder of the BCIT Critical Infrastructure Security Centre, he shaped it into one of North America's leading academic facilities in the SCADA cybersecurity, culminating in a SANS Institute Security Leadership Award in 2006.
	
Joel Langill is a globally recognised leader in the field of industrial security focusing on advanced automation, control, and monitoring technologies. He worked for more than two decades designing automation technologies and solutions for some of the largest infrastructure projects in the world before shifting his focus entirely to cyber security. Joel was one of the first to offer a training programme focusing on defensive skills for control system engineers and is currently an adjunct professor at Texas A&M University where he teaches and works along with the RELLIS campus research facility on advanced defensive cyber operations for industrial systems. He supervises an innovative industrial control system data center built in close cooperation with solution leaders in the industrial security sector for education and new product testing and evaluation. Joel has published numerous articles on industrial security risk and mitigation, is credited with various vulnerability disclosures, has been a distinguished speaker at public and private conferences globally, and is the co-author of the best-selling book “Industrial Network Security”.
	
Kazuo Yamaoka is responsible for the development of cybersecurity architecture and consultation of OT and IoT Cyber Security. With more than 20 years of practical experience in the electric power industry, he provides practical OT cybersecurity solution development and consulting. His area of expertise covers not only utilities but also other domain’s OT/industrial automation systems in factories and plants.
	
Maggy Powell is a Security Assurance Principal Industry Specialist focused on the Power and Utility Sector. She joined Amazon Web Services after 14 years in the power & utility industry, having worked in a variety of functions - regulatory risk, environmental permitting, reliability compliance and security operations. She was responsible for leading three technical cybersecurity teams dedicated to real time systems, including security engineering, industrial control systems (ICS) security operations centre, and security & compliance. Maggy was an industry participant in NERC CIP standards development including serving as Chair on CIP Standard Drafting Teams. She is well versed in the security and compliance challenges facing power and utility customers.
	
Marco (Marc) Ayala is a process automation professional with over 25 years of experience working in petrochemical facilities where he designed, implemented, and maintained their process instrumentation, automation systems and process control networks. Marco has expertise with safety systems, advanced process control, enterprise historians and industrial network security where he worked with enterprise-IT to implement a corporate PCN security solution. He is active in the Oil and Gas, Maritime port, offshore facilities, and Chemical Sector cyber security efforts working alongside federal, local, and state entities for securing the private sector. Marco is a certified cyber instructor for ISA.